
Feb. 27
• Input element values can either be controlled or uncontrolled. If the value is going to be changed (controlled), then the input must be accompanied by a onChange() event handler.
• The 'name' of the input element must exactly match the 'key' property inside the object in order to use object destructuring to dynamically change the value of that object property key. If the name does NOT exactly match, then the result will be a new object key being added to the existing object database.
• An if statement can be used with setState to execute only if the condition is met. Such as... checking if a specific input element 'name' exists as an object property 'key' to then execute the setState.

Feb. 28
• Required the logic for when user adds additional information, a way to pass that that information from parent to child components. I created a state that holds the data of how many times the user clicks on the 'add' button. A click function is created to update the state which in turn, another function will create the necessary component with new input elements for user by adding the corresponding child component. Also, another function is created to modify the userData object so that the additional workInfo/educationInfo can be properly added.
• When creating a function that will ultimately create components and add them to the render method, you must create a new array variable and push the resulting components (if there are any iterations) to the array variable and return them at the end of the function. This function can then be called in the render method using "{call_function()}". Note that you are calling the function so parenthesis is required.
• In CvDocs.js, I created a function that will iterate through an array that contains the possible object property names (i.e. => 'work1', 'work2', 'education1', 'education2', etc...). I iterate through the array with .forEach() method and place an if statement to check if the specific item in the array is a valid object property in userData/userInfo. If it is, then the truthy value allows the corresponding components to be created in the render method. Otherwise if object property is falsy, then function will return a null value in which the component will not be created since the object property has not yet been created.

Mar. 2
• In a component, when trying to render a local function, the function must be called (i.e. => use parenthesis) otherwise you get the error => 'Functions are not valid as a React child. This may happen if you return a Component instead of <Component /> from render. Or maybe you meant to call this function rather than return it.'
• In CSS, you can specifically place where you want the element to be by first having the parent element obtain the display: grid property and then having child elements with 'grid-row-start' and 'grid-row-end' to customize placement.
• In CSS, when changing the size of a container, a reaction will occur where the container will be shifted to the natural left position on the page. The way I was able to get it centered is by giving the parent element 'display: grid' and then using 'place-self: center' on the child container.

Mar. 3
• A bug has caused an issue where when the user had data input and then clicked on add/delete button, it wiped out all the existing data inside the input in the form component. In order to fix this bug, I had to edit the button click event functions. For the delete event, I had to store all the existing data in current state to a variable using 'const updatedState = { ...stateDataHere }' and later return that variable after making changes to it (deleting specific object property key). I was able to delete obj by using 'delete updatedState.obj_property_key_name' and once deleted, updating original state by doing 'setOriginalState(updatedState) which ended up returning all the previous state excluding the deleted object property.

Mar. 6
• When you have a input type file and accepts image, you can customize what is said inside the input element by hiding the actual input and editing the <label> tag inside the same div as the input. This is done by using `display: none` on the input element and having the attribute `for` as the same value for both input and label. 